# Sophia and Bastian Weekly Meeting Notes 

* [18 January 2023](#18-January-2023)
* [10 January 2023](#date-10-January-2023)
* [13 December 2022](#date-13-December-2022)
* [6 December 2022](#date-6-December-2022)


## 18 January 2023

### üìç Check-in 
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

#### Project specific Reflection

* New starters started and it's off to a roaring start getting them onboarding and integrated into the project. 

#### Focus for this week's 1:1
* Goals and workload for 2023 
	* Cezanne Objective Setting
	* Can we go through the drafts I've done and review the workload? 

### üìö Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* BA and EI onboarding them into the project 
* DC and team with taking and distributing notes during the major meetings 
* DC with tech check and set up last week
* EZ with finishing off OLS work 

#### Who helped you this week?

* 

#### What did you achieve?

* Onboard BA
* Onboard EI
* Led Comms group through webpage and scriberia planning 
* Finalized workplan for Scriberia
* Chaired AutSPACEs community Session 
* Chaired PPIE Community Session
* RSF Ops Meeting 
* Met with CoP PPIE lead and planned out planned PPIE schedule until June 
* First draft of mailing list and newsletter plan 
* Dived back into work 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Have been pulled in lots of directions and lots is on my plate which has made it difficult to "ramp back" into work and feels more like diving in the deep end. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Admin
	* OLS Graduation Presentation: 18 Jan 2023 
	* TPS Com-M goathearding
	* Reply to emails 
* AIM RSF PPIE 
	* Intro to GitHub workshop 
	* Combine Glossary of Terms 
	* Develop first draft of Plain English Summaries for the projects - check with PIs, PMs, and PPIE Leads 
	* Draft Public Enagagement Policy Docs 
* AIM RSF
	* Onboard and Update GitHub Project boards (with Batool) 
	* Set up example of webpages wireframes for AIM RSF comms Group 
	* Finalize Scriberia contract 
* AutSPACEs 
	* Meet with SF about AutSPACEs design work 
	* Reach out to 5 community groups 
	* Review the platform designs 
	* Map out plan for designing and testing the remaining pages  

#### Where do you need help?

* Where can we reduce the admin workload with AutSPACEs for the next 2 weeks? 




## Date: 10 January 2023

### üìç Check-in 
HAPPY NEW YEAR! 

#### Project specific Reflection

* Full Team is getting formed as we head into 2023 which is super exciting
	* PM is starting soon!! 
	* New "RAM" working with Theme 6
* So many things to juggle as we ramp back into work  

#### Focus for this week's 1:1
* Updates on work tasks heading into the year
* Sync up on AutSPACEs meet up planning

### üìö Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* EZ with general support stuff

#### Who helped you this week?

* New year's good vibes 

#### What did you achieve?

* Climbed many mountains 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Jet lag ‚úàÔ∏è
* So many things to do - so little daylight hours 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Prioritization and planning for the next 3mo 
* Task Organization 
* Zero Email Inbox (by the end of the week) 

#### Where do you need help?

* Scoping out user testing task 
* Planning out tasks 

#### Any other topics

- There's an unknown about how to convert PPIE's Key Evaluation Questions into something that is measureable 
	- It may be best to focus on **Qualitative data (not indicators)** as they may be more suited to address AIM RSF's goals
	- i.e. talking to researchers and memebrs of the public and asking the q's 
		- e.g. how did the participation change the research? 


## Date: 13 December 2022

### üìç Check-in 

#### Project specific Reflection

* **Conference**
	* Details are being fleshed out but there is a lot that is currently unclear. 
	* I'm cocerned about resources and what my remit will be in the New Year. 
* **PPIE plans in 2023**
	* Have finalized some of the dates and topics for sessions. Conversations with groups that we're aiming to collaborate with are ongoing.
* **Theory of Change**
	* Difficult decisions are difficult. We knew that this is a hard space to be working in and the goal posts have not been clearly defined. 
	* There may be a shift in remit, however it is unclear what that will be going forward. 
  

#### Focus for this week's 1:1
* How to frame requests for input when details haven't been set in stone. 
	* When is the right time to ask for input? Possibly too soon.  
* What would a resource hub look like that maximizes usability. 
	* Different people like to find resources in different formats. 
	* Wikis
		* Non-prescriptive formatting: can host many different types of information (link of links, long text)  
		* You can use it without having to learn a specialist skill (ie. not GitHub) 
	* How do you search for information 
	* What types of resources will the resource hub contain?  
	* How collaborative is the content? Will there be a discussion area on each page to discuss the content on that page, or a generalized discussion area? 

### üìö Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped DC with markdown formatting of meeting notes. 
* Added PPIE updates to the NIHR report (LC on leave).
* Helped tps-community-managers with review tasks 
* Helped MF with getting M365 set up.
* TTW 3month updates meeting.

#### Who helped you this week?

* LC with a united front during the PPIE Theory of Change meeting

#### What did you achieve?

* ‚úÖ Reviewed the Data Wrangler's PR for the Glossary and other documents 
* ‚úÖ Helped tech onboard MF + others into M365 space (and updated the documentation)
* ‚úÖ Organized Jan's ops meeting 
* ‚úÖ Onboarding docs for new RSF starter
* ‚úÖ Gave feedback on RSF ethcis submission 
* ‚úÖ Led PPIE lunchtime session 
* ‚úÖ Drafted OLS 6 graduation presentation 
* ‚úÖ Presented to OPTIMAL PAG: Slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1u1xMepYgrV15LhIkzCWS7YZGflQyg5SwqBZCuwOyBVQ/edit?usp=sharing)
* ‚úÖ Updated Glossary of Terms: https://aim-rsf.github.io/Glossary-of-Terms 
* ‚úÖ Added to RSF GitHub Pages documentation 
* ‚úÖ Added PPIE updates to NIHR report
* ‚úÖ Finished PPIE Plans for Q1 and drafted end of year updates email 
* ‚úÖ Followd up with NIHR about CoC ‚ö†Ô∏è will chase again on 14th if no response. 
* ‚úÖ Met to develop the PPIE Theory of Change framework, discussions to continue in the new year. 
* ‚úÖ Started mapping social communities for AutSPACEs ‚û°Ô∏è to reach out and network in the new year
	* Spreedsheet format for the information capture is ideal.
	* To convert to .csv and put on GitHub once it's in a state ready to be handed off.  
* ‚úÖ Met with SH and scoped out PPIE sessions for new year 
* ‚úÖ Met with Scriberia artist and provided an updated Design Brief ‚û°Ô∏è ETA  mid Jan 2023
* üõë Eventsforce training (got rescheduled again - will need to watch recording in teh new year as session is scheduled when I'm on leave) 

#### What did you struggle with?

* The to-do list was not getting any smaller which is frustrating. 
* Had a lot of small items crop up across the week that ate away a lot of time. 
* Consortia are wanting details of events that haven't been finalized and I feel stuck at times. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Prep for tomorrow's events and comms group meeting
	* Develop checklist for/of decisions that need to be made about the conf  
* Capture RS's questions and ensure that the documentation processes are clear 
* Send out PPIE updates email 
* Finish feedback and data management plan for Optimal's PPIE study 
* Develop processes for feedback on 
  * 1. Glossary of Terms (aka. async user testing)
  * 2. Data Study Group Q's 
  * 3. Conference sessions

#### Where do you need help?

* In the new year, helping to find alignment on work remit
* Plans for MLTC platform

#### Any other topics

* Finalize the date for the AutSPACEs January Meet Up.
* Who has the decision power for the conf?
* What decisions need to be made re. the conf?
	* Inclusive/accessibility 
	* Meaningful engagement for remote participants 
	* Location, support for those who have caring responsibilities 
	* Catering 
	* Branding/Visuals
* Mailing list for the PPIE Community of Practice (GDPR compliant) 
	* Will need this list to invite the larger PPIE co-host session. 


## Date: 6 December 2022

### üìç Check-in 
It's a high meeting week at the moment as folks are pushing to get work completed before the holidays. 

#### Project specific Reflection

* NIHR Report 
  * it's reporting season and DC is doing a mountain of work pulling together everything that we've been up to. I've been helping to fill in the sections on PPIE. The aim is to have a full draft by the end of this week that can then be iterated on throughout next week. 
* Theory of Change 
  * MF + CCM need input into PPIE reporting frameworks for the Theory of Change. It's a huge chunk of work that will determine how we're measured for the next 2 years. 
* PPIE Plans
  * We have one last PPIE meeting for the year, and then we need to make plans for what happens in Q1 and finalise details on what groups can co-host and when.  
* RSF GitHub Pages 
  * I've been needing to do a lot more reading than anticipated to plan out and match the hugo templates to the site that the RSF have planned. 

#### Focus for this week's 1:1
* What process would you usually follow to plan and write a paper?

### üìö Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* DC & AMM with chairing the seminar session

#### Who helped you this week?

* OLS-6 mentor with brainstorming engagement for PPIE
* DC with changing meetings to asyc so I could get work done 
* RS with brainstorming hugo frameworks and helping me collect my thoughts

#### What did you achieve?

* ‚úÖ Finished Design Brief and emailed AB
* ‚úÖ Met with RS about Hugo frameworks and found one that will meet our criteria 
* ‚úÖ DEI Training
* ‚úÖ Chaired RSF Seminar 
* ‚úÖ RSF Ops Meeting
* ‚úÖ Finished setting up RSF M365 group 
* ‚úÖ Presented at SSI Fellows Update


#### What did you struggle with?

* Intense brainfog and things are taking longer than I would have liked to get done

#### What would you like to work on this week?

* Eventsforce training
* Finish PPIE Plans for Q1
* Finish events procedure documentation
* Follow up with NIHR about CoC
* NIHR Report (w DC)
* PPIE Theory of Change impact framework 
* Reach out to online communities to understand and scope autspaces meet ups starting back up in the new year. 

#### Any other topics

* I want to scope out the paper contributions so that I don't dive in and spend time doing work that is not helpful. 
* [AIM RSF People doc](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/nihr-aim-rsf/blob/main/PEOPLE.md) for understanding the acronyms, Whitaker Lab slack for others. 
