## ALS + MS check-ins

* [2022-05-10](#2022-05-10)
* [2022-05-03](#2022-05-03)
* [2022-04-19](#2022-04-19)
* [2022-04-12](#2022-04-12)
* [2022-04-05](#2022-04-05)
* [2022-03-29](#2022-03-29)
* [2022-03-25](#2022-03-25)

## 2022-05-10

### Task updates
- Fireside chat uploaded to Youtube (there was an error the first time around. video is processing.)
- Finally starting to review some PRs and Issues on Github, with more awareness of what the workflow of contribution/reviewing looks like.
- Contacting everyone I've spoken to about reviewing conversation notes, and the possibility of publishing excerpts in a public forum (either in the Github issue or in a new part of the Community Handbook)

### Thank yous
- EK for reviewing my RSECon abstract
- PH, SG for talking through some open infrastructure ideas during coffee chats
- AR for doing the work to set up a Bristol Hub
- VH for co-creating the king's college workshop
- JB participating in mapathon (woo!)
- Talarify team (AT, AVDW, NP) for the enlightening conversation re: networks, imagining emerging forms of attribution

### Event updates
- Talk @ SSI: 16 may
- Book Dash 16-20 may: participating in on-boarding sessions
- Community share-out: 20 may - any material to review?
- whitaker lab goatherd: 26 may (note to self)
- King‚Äôs college: 31 may (will prep with VH on 23 june, then give to MS to review)
- Right‚Äôs con (6 june - should i prepare to join this talk?)
- Ordnance survey: 16 june (following up with OS team on 23 April, speaking with AC to catch-up on updates)
- Connections Turing course: late june-early july (followed up with email thread)
- TTW core team meeting (initial planning, late June/early July)
- TTW fireside chat (pending date: Friday, 24 June 2022, discuss topic with core team?, )
- RSE Con (submitted astract, happening 5-9 sept, will find out 31 may)
- CarpentryCon (submissions due 12 june, event happening 1-12 Aug)

### Next week
- Book dash! I'm going to be documenting the event from an outsiders perspective, and working on governance assignments from OLS-5
- Reviewing PRs+issues, categorisation, etc.

### Where do I need help?
- Thinking through the "core team meeting" agenda, and how to approach organising the event

### Ideas corner
- It'd be great to start the process of releasing some of these community research updates within the community handbook, perhaps in a more standardised formats & including names
- It'd be great to see all CMs & RAMs present TTW at atleast one conference of their choice in 2022-2023!
- Rotating coffee chats within TTW community
- Alternatively: Friday coffee chats with CMs and RAMs leading hosting/onboarding/casual conversations
- Bringing back this "Turing Way" (friday?) book club idea, started by AR

## 2022-05-06

### Task updates
- Working on drafting messages for book dash applicants
- Cloud recording + subtitles ready for Youtube upload (MS: workflow -> upload, vtt transcription document, flier image = thumbnail, publish directly)
- Community research is continuing, but with more specificity as to tools. How to recognise previous work done? (booking time!)
- Thanks yous for: all the fireside speakers, frictionless meetup organisers, book dash reviewers! To EM for chairing, MS for shouldering my share of bookdash applications

### Event updates
- frictionless data (all went well! I somewhat regretted not having a presentation, but I think it allowed for more informal interaction. really confirmed the new)
- fireside chat: 29 April (would love to hear feedback about how you think it went! also, will be going through the recording subtitles, hope to finish by the end of the month)
- ~~newcastle: 9 may (postponed to September)~~
- talk @ ssi: 19 may (1 hour long event, will overlap with bookdash)
- book dash 16-20 may (draft)
- ~~open gov week: 16-20 may~~
- king‚Äôs college: 31 may (will plan event with VK, buying tickets + filing reimbursement)
- ordnance survey: 16 june (will sent email confirmation + cal invite)
- connections turing course: late june-early july (will respond to HM)

# Next week
- Start to prepare mailing list for release: release date TBD
- PRs!
- Review acknowledgements chapter* (what is logged? what is formalised/informalised? lecture opportunities (keynotes)? organising roles? what/who is visible/invisible in this? recorded impact)
- 'record of contributions' / CONTRIBUTORS.md - how to log contributions to TTW in ways that is meaningful for them?
- Reach out to people about how they would like to be recognised for the conversations had in 1:1! --> contextualising acknowledgements (not traditional authorship!)
- What does documentation of 1:1 conversations look like? (Chain of acknowledgements idea!)
- Collecting opportunities for different types of engagement with TTW (event planning, open infrastructure, ux)

# Where I need help?
- Anything to know know about NHS presentation invitation? (maybe bring in EK for a paired presentation?)
- Internet infrastructure chapter: How should I go about planning this contribution with different collaborators? Can this be used as a testing ground for governance?
- What are the Data Study Groups?
- Should we submit to RSE Conf? Other upcoming conferences?
- Where to log upcoming events/invite speakers from the core team to?
- Can I plan a session during the community share out or book dash for receiving feedback on usability and UX/UI/design? --> Merge REG team PR, testing cards (different entry base into the book -> curating based on professions? Asking questions about this in 1:1s? How can we engage more people in this?)
- How to understand the tension between revising existing chapters vs writing new content?  (reviewing PRs, happening simultaneously while new writing is being developed)
- How to balance intrinsically-motivated vs extrinsically-motivated contributions to TTW? Engagement with the project? Emergent governance to address this?
- Emerging tensions to discuss: attribution of credit for foundational work vs future project work, editing vs writing, past vs present/old vs new, insider vs outsider, writing new chapters vs reviewing existing work, creation vs maintenance

# Ideas corner
- Chain on contributions
- 'Month of review', 'Orchestrated work'
- Mapping the insider/outsider dynamic of open science
- Emerging ways of working for CMs/"community research"
- Writing <> Reading <> Reviewing (Projects within the open ecosystem can profile/research each other... What framework can you use? External audits within the open ecosystem?)

## 2022-04-26
Trying a new format today!

### Task updates
- Getting reading for the fireside chat on friday! (thank you to all the speakers for being incredibly thoughtful - the event )
- Community research forges on! (thank you to everyone I've spoken to, and will continue to speak to!)
- Finally getting to work on some PRs this week (or at least understand themes in how people contribute for the community research update)
- Community research will have more concrete tactics on slack engagement, onboarding, github

**MS:** Fantastic set of work. Thank you for carefully leading these.
### Upcoming event updates
- frictionless data: 28 April (all set - really excited to see if there are ways of bringing in frictionless expertise to the project) - **MS:** All the best! This is exciting!
- fireside chat: 29 April (need to send some planning docs to LW - but should be all set to go) - **MS:** Amazing! Looking forward to the discussions.
- newcastle: 9 may (postponed to September)
- talk @ ssi: 19 may (sent recording, just waiting on planning)
- book dash 16-20 may (reviewing applications this week.)
- open gov week: 16-20 may (talking to someone from open heroines tomorrow - maybe good to get connected with them for this event?)
- king‚Äôs college: 31 may (will send abstract by 29 april, reviewing MS templates, will chat with VK)
- ordnance survey: 16 june (planning for early may follow up - waiting for follow-up)
- connections turing course: late june-early july (following convo)

**MS:** thanks for the timeline and overview.
# Next week
- More outreach to individuals. - MS: üí™üèΩ
- Compile upcoming conferences to post on PR + start asking people if they'd like to rep TTW :) (would be super excited if possible!) - MS: we have generally aimed for at least 50% talks by community members. Keeping that or increasing that will be a good target. Do take some time to look at the previous reports and promotion pack to think about what can be updated.
- Had a couple of ideas for engagement with TTW (wondering about the timeline for implementing them - can I start experimenting with one of these next week more concretely?):
  - Turing Way coffee hours. - **MS:** Sounds great! üéâ  Maybe something to think about when your 1:1 meetings start to reduce in number.
  - Turing Way reading group (read 1 section a week?) - **MS:** KW and I were discussing this with AR to co-lead this with you. Can you discuss this with AR and involve him in designing your plans in May?
  - Slack automated welcoming message? (would love to co-create this, maybe in the community share out?) - **MS**: sent you some info on Slack for configuring Greetbot.
  - Github Issue templates  - **MS**: This will be fantastic! Maybe a low hanging fruit to lead on get some interested folkd invlolved. You can proposee this for the Book Dash collab idea too.

# Long term ideas
- Review onboarding process - **MS**: Sounds fantastic. We should definitely create a process to be shared in the Community Handbook. So far it has happened through Coworking, Collab Cafe and workshops. As you know, I have used this doc in the past for onboarding calls: https://hackmd.io/@turingway/demo-intro (which is an overview of the GitHub and book). We can get people involved in understanding what was helpful and what be improved -- some of these can go to a chapter.
- Shared slack channels with other open science / related open source projects? (I've seen this happen on OSM) - **MS:** This is a Slack pro feature. We may not have funding for the pro account (as Turing institute has already a fully paid account and they will likely not approve extra workspace request) - but we can explore this with ABL if you can assess the pros and cons carefully.
- UX/UI design sprint for section naming & organisation
(just to keep my pie in the sky brain awake!) - **MS**: not sure what this means, happy to discuss! We probably need to have a UX/UI plan for the entire project (as well as merge the recent UX work by REG team.

# Where I need help
- Maybe planning a timeline of things listed above, & prioritisation? - **MS**: great! let's spend some time next week on this.

## 2022-04-19

#### Who did you help this week?
* Helping to compile events - made PR & Issue for newsletter.
* Sent various resources to TTW and TI people, related to their projects & interests.
* talked with AL about project - traded resources on community building.
* Hopefully the community research updates are helping...someone! They've helped me to think more deeply about TTW for sure.

#### Who helped you this week?
* Learning from the CM meeting last week about templating
* Always learning from community research

#### What did you achieve?
Using last week's list as a model:
* Sending info to April fireside panelists today. Promotion starts by Wednesday. // Running a bit late on beginning promotion due to the holidays. Should begin tonight.
* Finish subtitles for March fireside! Finally! // This has taken much longer than I thought it would. Hoping to finish by tomorrow, so video can go online around promotional period.
* Second round of community outreach going out today (Monday is too full of meetings) // Scheduling is happening gradually.
* Send welcome note to BA and Outreachy team! // Done!
* Post about translation work in github+community channel // Done!
* Posting CM team work // Need some time to dig - put a pin on this until more community research has occurred.
* Sending JD info about OSM // Done!
* Newsletter: make PR to keep track of events (Tuesday/Wednesday) // both are online. Draft is being made in HackMD.
* Upcoming events:
  * Newcastle workshop // Waiting on reply.
  * King's college workshop
  * SSI RSCamp: questions about using TTW template
* Finish up contact list // Available on google sheets.

#### What did you struggle with?
* I'm having a bit of trouble predicting how long certain actions will take (i.e. reviewing a PR or preparing the mailing list). Will get better with time, but wanted to flag that here.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Documenting TTW workflow (HackMds for events, newsletter)
* Prepping questions and promotional materials for fireside
* Start promotion for Fireside & Book Dash
* Community research update, as usual
* Following up with Turing Commons Team
* Sending email re: new UCL role

#### Where do you need help?
* SSI RSCamp: questions about using TTW template for presentations, citations as needed, uploading to Zenodo
* Review newsletter
* Should I follow up w/ the Turing Commons team?
* Confirm timeline + promotion needed for April Fireside
* Will there be a extension to the application for the Book Dash?
* Can I alter this note-taking format for 1:1's?
* Confirm upcoming events for TTW:
  - frictionless community call: 28 April
  - fireside chat: 29 April
  - newcastle: 9 may
  - book dash 16-20 may
  - king‚Äôs college: 18 may (need to re-schedule?)
  - talk @ ssi: 19 may (pre-recorded)
  - ordnance survey: 16 june

## 2022-04-12
### Project-specific Reflection

#### Who did you help this week?
* Helped LK to get her PR over the finish line! Super exciting to be a part of that.
* JD on thinking through OSM.

#### Who helped you this week?
* YB, DHP with Fireside chat planning
* MS as always!
* LW on CSCCE opportunities!

#### What did you achieve?
* Having lots of talks this week with people, 30 minutes are a bit short.

#### What did you struggle with?
* Need to be better with making time for deep work

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Sending info to fireside panelists today. Promotion starts by Wednesday.
* Finish subtitles for last fireside! Finally!
* Sending email to new UCL role today. CC'ing MS & KW
* Second round of community outreach going out today (Monday is too full of meetings)
* Finishing compiling
* Send welcome note to BA and Outreachy team!
* Post about translation work in github+community channel
* Posting CM team work
* Sending JD info about OSM
* Newsletter: make PR to keep track of events (Tuesday/Wednesday)
* Catch up on Newcastle workshop information
* Finish up contact list

#### Where do you need help?
* Should I follow up with Chris?

## 2022-04-05

### Project-specific Reflection
Started to feel a bit more grounded after conversations with people! Beginning to see trends, and carving out some time during the week to digest notes, and sort through some initial findings. Going to do another round of outreach today (and maybe try to reach into the archives of the project).

#### Who did you help this week?
* Spoke to YB about the Fireside. We shared notes & made plans for outreach and meeting people. She's reaching out to people about co-facilitating, and we're going to send out a collective email by the end of the week.
* Gave an idea at CollabW22 that seemed to be well-received!

#### Who helped you this week?
* So many people! Many people in TTW. I think I'm learning about the collaborative nature of the slack workspace in particular, and how much of a group effort it really is.
* Thank you for emailing S about the Fireside!
* Spoke to ACC about translation late last week - truly amazing! Similar to the Turing - I was wondering if we should make an 'appreciations' channel where maybe we can do shoutouts to people within the project? Or I (and others) can start posting interesting things I'm learning about the project?
* Everyone at CollabW22!! Learning so much it's unbelievable!
* Thinking about the Slack - and how much I'm learning from the shear number of resources and things that people are sharing.

#### What did you achieve?
* Finally released the issue describing community research in TTW. Positive reactions so far - now to embed documentation throughout the whole process!
* Learning a lot from CW22, and will be releasing another 'community learning' update to the issue this week.

#### What did you struggle with?
* I was struggling last week with wanting/trying to do everything at the same time... But this week I've tried to take breaks and stop (with a little humor) when it gets too much. It helped! Slow & steady.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* I really need to reserve all of next week to work on more of the technical side of the project. There's so much important work and labor there that I need time to dig into.
* Learn about the Fireside workflow
* Start working on the project update from AB w/ MS

#### Where do you need help?
* I was thinking that it could be great to get a transcription software, where I can record the chats I'm having with people, and upload the audio to a service (like Amberscript) so I can categorise findings more easily (instead of taking notes during the call - which can be distracting). What do you think?
* I've been drafting a twitter thread to post, relating back to the fireside chat. Wasn't able to post this week - so I was thinking this Friday, it could be posted?

## 2022-03-29

#### Who did you help this week?
* No help just yet. Setting the foundation for a helpful resource, but just need time to sort through initial interviews and information.
* Sent VK info about CSCCE.
* Sent AR info about the iLab.
--
MS: Thank You Anne for already connecting folks with different projects.

#### Who helped you this week?
* Getting invited to TTW translation systems by BA.
* MS, SG, AR for looking at the netlify issues on TTW.
* Having chats with BA, AD, AR and many more this week that are helping to do think about TTW.
* MK, ABS helping me to plan the fireside
--
- MS: So many exciting connections. Thank you for taking the time to get to know the community. Also, delighted to see you take the lead on the Fireside Chat.

#### What did you achieve?
* System set up + research. Same as last week.
* Will be setting up a folder in 'community building' to hold methodology, while putting TTW-issues with findings and aims directly into the TTW.
* Starting to get up to speed on internal Turing partnerships, and upcoming projects.
--
- MS: I am so impressed by your process documentation skills. We are so delighted that you are taking your community mapping in open and sharing them in TTW.

#### What did you struggle with?
* Struggling to balance speed with efficacy. Keep needing to remind myself that speed isn't the most important, and that I should just focus on people.
--
- MS: We are giving you a lot of information and that is in some ways unavoidable, but there is no expectation that you will know how they fit together immediately. Please take your time to learn about the project, people and ways of working. This is a huge investment that will pay off, and especially through your notes we will gain insights on what opportunities for engagement and support we can create. Please use this time to explore - speed and efficacy is not priorities here - observing and recording is extremely valuable already.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* More of the same!
--
- MS: THANK YOU! :) Please do take a break from meetings to decompress as needed.

#### Where do you need help?
* Hopefully to review my study findings/info so far at TTW visioning!
--
MS: Booked some coworking sessions. Talk to you soon!

## 2022-03-25

### Project-specific Reflection

* Finished week two! Seems surreal!
* Almost completed outreach for core TTW members.
* Been reflecting a lot on the intersection between art and science, and
* Have been attending a digital arts/culture conference, and X

#### Who did you help this week?

* Ran assistance at TTW talk at AIUK and the fireside chat.

#### Who helped you this week?

- ML has been finding the balance between giving me the reigns, and drip-feeding me info. Much appreciated.
- Many people are warmly welcoming me to TTW. Having lots of scaffolding conversations.
- Conversations from the fireside chat - learned a lot from them.
- Whitaker lab comments on my thread about imposter syndrome were so helpful!

#### What did you achieve?

* Spending lots of time setting up my system, thinking about community research.
* Managed to set up my calendly 'office hours'
* Tuned in/supported a fireside and turing way talk.

#### What did you struggle with?

* I am struggling with keeping my calendar synced between OLS, ISOC, and Turing on all the devices it needs to be on (calendly, ical, outlook)
* I'm not the best at taking notes during interviews/chats. Need to focus on developing better systems!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* I'll be putting some of my *plans* for community research into practice next week.
* Also plan on getting to know TTW github, and having lots of convos with people.

#### Where do you need help?

* Making sure that the materials I'm producing are helpful for people outside of myself.

#### Notes from Malvika:
* Proritise community research: what areas you want to grow, what are my strengths/where are my joys
* Keep in mind people's core time at TTW, and how to reach out + keep accountable
* Keep in mind a quarterly team meeting (core team meeting) into one zoom room. Identify people in core group
* Key q: How do we better engage core members?
* How to identify culture change at the Turing
* Keep track of how people stay engaged with OLS over 4 months
* Note documenting practices in the open, and pathways to work in collaboration - in solidarity - with other projects
* How do we help people to see that working with existing material or code is actually more impactful?
