# Achintya and Malvika: 1-on-1 catch-up minutes


<details>
    <summary><strong>TOC</strong></summary>

- [2022-03-10](#2022-03-10)
- [2022-02-15](#2022-02-15)
- [2022-02-08](#2022-02-08)
- [2022-02-01](#2022-02-01)
- [2022-01-25](#2022-01-25)
- [2022-01-11](#2022-01-11)
- [2021-12-09](#2021-12-09)
- [2021-11-30](#2021-11-30)
- [2021-11-23](#2021-11-23)

</details>

## 2022-03-10

### Check-in ritual

Have been good since submitting the thesis.
Been getting lots of sleep and have been able to bring more energy to work.
The ASG event went quite well, based on the feedback from many of the participants, so I‚Äôm feeling quite motivated.

- Special thanks to HM and AY for all their behind-the-scenes help with organising the event
- MS and KW gave me lots of advice on how to run the various sessions
- Met JS and BC at 1:1 networking and discussed collaborating with them
- Social lunch was _really good_ with so many sharing their hobbies and interests

### Project specific Reflection

- ASG community building got a boost from last week‚Äôs event
  - Planning with HS on organising regular ‚Äúmeet-up‚Äù sessions for ASG PDRAs
  - HS was told by some PDRAs that they felt isolated with their projects from the rest of ASG, and we want to address that
  - Will investigate whether we can get budgets for reimbursed meals for monthly/quarterly social lunches
- JL is unavailable to help with SPARRA glossy so HS asked if I could help: realised that we can recycle lightning talk that other JL gave at ASG event
- Started but didn‚Äôt advance with repurposing the sessions content for notes for white papers
- Had meeting with MC about impact measurement, spoke with JS and HR about their projects

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help these past few weeks?

- Quite a few people, I hope, but can‚Äôt recall all instances at the moment.

#### Who helped you these past few weeks?

- HM and AY with organising ASG event
- MS and KW with tremendous advice and support for planning the sessions
- BM and JR for introducing me to the community at the ASG event
- All of panellists, chairs and speakers for making the event a success
- Everyone who joined the social lunch and shared their hobbies and interests

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

- Quite a bit that I‚Äôm pleased with
  - The ASG event itself went well from a logistics PoV (with one tiny hiccup)
  - I got feedback from a couple of the speakers that they enjoyed the panels they were on
  - The lightning talks went smooooothly and speakers got to discuss their work in longer breakout sessions
- Following the event, I‚Äôve had some discussions with people I met for the first time (including one longer conversation that will hopefully feed into the E&S white paper that came entirely from the 1:1 networking)

#### What did you struggle with?

- Staying on top of the E&S white paper itself

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Resume work on the E&S white paper: need to restructure the schedule for one
  - Tomorrow morning
- Go over all the recordings of the ASG event sessions and make proper notes to put on GitHub
  - Sometime next week; should take a day in total
- Follow up with speakers who have not replied to ask about putting their talks on Zenodo
  - Reminders tomorrow morning
- Discuss ASGardian podcASG with BC
  - Sometime next week, if BC is available
- Will be attending the DT:UA meeting at the office on Tuesday

#### Where do you need help?

- I can‚Äôt think of anything specific at the moment: things seem to be moving along well

## 2022-02-15

### Check-in ritual

Overall doing well but a tad overwhelmed with wrapping up my PhD.
It‚Äôs affecting work a little and will for the next ten days or so, unfortunately.

The ASG event is shaping up well!
Comms have gone out and a few more have registered.
Reached out to some individuals from the community to test the waters of the proposed sessions and got positive feedback.

Thanks in particular to HM for help with the ASG event, to DC for an insightful discussion on measuring the health of communities and to KW for advice on how to conduct lightning talks.

### Project specific Reflection

**Good**

- Using GitHub as a single-store for all community aspects is a going well
- Spoke with Scivision community about presenting at third session of ASG event (they‚Äôre interested)
- Made possible connection between health and Digital Twins (see below)

**Challenging**

- White papers are a little behind the (optimistic) schedule because the ASG event is taking up more of my time than I had anticipated
- For the event, we are still lacking lightning talks at the moment

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help this week?

- Put AD and AF in touch re. potential for health-related Digital Twins
- DC said he found our conversation about community health useful :)
- Another member of the Lab with some personal stuff

#### Who helped you this week?

- HM and AY with ASG event logistics
- DC on measuring health of communities
- KW on how to conduct lightning talks

#### What did you achieve?

- Contacted all external PDRAs about Slack, and at least two have asked to join
- Did some tidying of the ASG Community repo
- Spoke with Scivision team during their coworking calls to discuss ASG event participation following suggestion from BM and JR
- Spoke with another core contributor to the white papers

#### What did you struggle with?

- Started with _Community Management_ worksheets, but haven‚Äôt finished
- Overall, I‚Äôm operating at less than full capacity because of the thesis-submission deadline and a lack of sleep

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Finalise ASG event sessions and speakers
    - Thursday/Friday
- Review (with BM) the lightning-talk applications
    - Part of Thursday morning
- Catch up and follow up on white papers

#### Where do you need help?

- Can‚Äôt think of anything specific at the moment!

## 2022-02-08

- Check-in ritual
    - Thanks to AC, DA, CD for joining the lunchtime agenda-building call and giving me invaluable input into the agenda items
    - Also to HM and AY for help with refining the ASG event agenda
    - Huge thanks to MS for assorted advice, guidance and patience during community-related meetings, and for taking the whole of Friday to co-work with me on growing the ASG community and getting over my GitHub-related fears
    - Slowly but surely I feel I‚Äôm growing into the role
- MS: So delighted to see you make these connections! Well done. <3

### Project specific Reflection

- Started to put together notes and ideas into the GitHub repo for the ASG community
- The ASG event in March has potential for community building: I need to make sure the opportunity is not lost
    - Putting together cross-CTP (hah!) panels, poster sessions, virtual booths etc.
    - Also involving RAMs
- Didn‚Äôt manage to find the time to look too closely into GitHub Discussions but have started to use it anyway
    - <https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community/discussions/27>
- MS: Lots of stuff!
  - Really nice to see RAMs involvement in your work.
  - Here is an example from REG handbook on discussion feature: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/REG-handbook/discussions/8

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Whom did you help this week?

- AC with an application for Enrichment Project Collaborations
- SG with assorted Binder-related stuff
- MS: üéä 

#### Who helped you this week?

- Those who joined the agenda-building call last week and helped refine the agenda (in check-in ritual, above)
- MS for some much-needed 1:1 virtual hand-holding with community building
- MS: Useful community involvements! Thank you.

#### What did you achieve?

- Was able to take on board feedback/input from community members to define an agenda for the ASG meeting in March that are happy with!
- Refactored the various ASG-community-related repos and issues into a single one, with Malvika‚Äôs advice
- Closed one long TTW PR that I had been in the process of reviewing for ages
- MS: Looking forward to seeing all these work develop.

#### What did you struggle with?

- Getting over my ‚Äúput things on GitHub!‚Äù anxiety
- Some personal stuff for private discussion
- MS: üåª You are doing the best you can.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Complete the _Community Management_ worksheets
    - Might need an entire morning (scheduled for tomorrow a.m.)
- Contact all external PDRAs and ask if they want to join Slack
    - Should take no more than half an hour (scheduled for Thursday)
- Clean up [asg-community](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community) repo: add labels, set milestones, migrate more todo items from notes to issues, set up Discussions
    - Probably a good chunk of the day (scheduled for Friday)
- Some reading into community-building, especially the research on the concept of a ‚ÄúCommunity of Practice‚Äù
    - Intermittent
- MS: I love reading theories of community - currently reading Rekindling Democracy that I love love. Kirstie got me to read AM Brown that I will recommend Emergent Strategy.

#### Where do you need help?

- More generally, I need some kind of regular reminders about working in the open! üòÖ

## 2022-02-01

- Check-in ritual
    - EK for demonstrating an internal GitHub repo as an example for project management, and then sharing notes following a meeting with DC about measuring impact
        - MS: Excellent! EK has so much experience managing restricted access project.
    - HM for recognising my workload and offering to cut me out of some planning meetings
        - MS: That's so great to hear.
    - KH for speaking with me about an ASG CTP and introducing me to half a dozen people by e-mail
    - AL for helping set up co-working schedule
    - KW, AB, SB, RH for joining co-working Huddles
    - AC for just being all-round awesome with open science
        - MS: So true!!
    - RW for joining lunchtime call with PDRAs, and JD and AC for supporting
    - LM for testing Overleaf with me

### Agenda and Notes

- Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.
    - The white papers project is now live and open: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-white-papers
    - I have spoken with several PIs, PDRAs, REGs, and have more lined up this week and next
        - MS: This is fantastic!!
        - MS: Cookie cutter template repo for the white papers (reusable) will be amazing to get out of this.
        - MS: Maybe reconsider the repo names to be more understandable

- Since last week, review progress you‚Äôve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention?
    - I‚Äôm pleased that I set up all the mundane working materials for the white papers
    - Just finding focused time can be a challenge on _some_ days, but I‚Äôve now set aside Fridays as meeting-free in as much as I can control them
        - MS: I completely support this! I have been doing this since 2017 and intend to keep it that way.

### Reflection

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Make a cookie-cutter template for white papers (possibly longer time scales than next week)
* Look into GitHub Discussion feature for white papers
  - MS:  Looking forward to our first team meeting this week and coworking with you on Friday.

## 2022-01-25

[N.B.: Didn‚Äôt actively take notes in this meeting.]

- ASG-meeting went well!
- Set up a repo, created Slack channels, OverLeaf

**Recording processes, ideas, stories**

- Publishing them in TTW‚Ä¶
- e.g. SPARRA sensitive data: case study?
    - What are the exceptions for openness?
- Drive the writing of the processes, but don‚Äôt have to be the primary writer
    - Involve PIs and PDRAs


## 2022-01-11

**Check-in ritual**
- Reflected on finding my voice as CM over the break
    - I am glad to see that you could make some time on reflecting this. Looking forward to discussing this and see where I can support this iterative process. 
- Grateful to KW for help with goals
    - üå∏   

### Project-specific reflection

- Need to meet individual members of ASG to understand the community
    - Who among the core stakeholders you have not yet managed to meet? 
- Can identify connections once I speak to individual members
- ‚ÄúNobody knows how this community-building looks like.‚Äù What are the needs? What are the connections that exist between teams?
  - I think many of us have the vision for ASG community and overview of how building them would look like. I hope discussion earlier in the week was useful, howeever, we should block a day to work on sketching out some concrete strategy and timeline to share them with others. This will help in communicating what we want to achieve and where we might be misaligned - which would be a place to further feedback and iteration, and especially for engagement.
- Documenting queries, create pathways
    - How can we work towards making them visible? 
- ‚ÄúHave I let the ASG PDRAs know what my agenda is beyond the white papers?‚Äù

#### Anything else

- Goals?
  - Will derive goals from the impact I want to have from the work I do
  - What will a successful ASG CM achieve?
  - Look at JD
  - Personal-professional goals
- ASG goal-setting workshop?


#### After meeting

- Open repository on processes of ASG community-drive white papers
  - Issues:
    - What is aim of the white papers?
    - Barriers/incentives
    - Authorship process
      - External contributors
    - Community engagement
    - Public engagement
- RAM showcase: talk to Aida


### Notes from 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

- HM and KW with planning of ASG workshop agenda
- VH with GitHub matters
- JD with Equadratures glossy
- SG with reviewing TTW PR

#### Who helped you this week?

- KW with goal-setting session and offering to host workshop for ASG postdocs
- SB for organising spontaneous co-working session after coffee call


#### What did you achieve?

- Made progress with organising 2022-03 ASG Workshop with Harriet and Kate

#### What did you struggle with?

- Replace this text with a bullet point list.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- ASG white papers: kick-off agenda, to share with Ben
- Finalise my ASG goals
- OLS?

#### Where do you need help?

- Advice on how to engage ASG PDRAs

## 2021-12-09

- Check-in ritual
  - KW for help with DSG
  - RP met in person

### Notes from 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

- DSG workshop
- Chaired the coworking call first time :)

#### Who helped you this week?

- Met RP in person - discussed scicomm story, and the REG project. Language for data analysis and visualisation to enable adding a layer of. Trying to add in a private repo.

#### What did you achieve?

- Ran the DSG workshop last week, it was daunting in the beginning but went really well. KW was there to help and step in.
- Some very productive chats with ASG stakeholders
- Submitted the SMART goal
- Public engagement workshop was good

#### What did you struggle with?

- Couldn't manage to make time to work beyond the project
    - Solution: Make co-working call slots for ASG, and anyone else can join if they wish.
- Learning to balance work (long term) and immediate responses
- Closed projects doesn't allow collaboration

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- ASG Management Board:
    - Talk about my background as a science communicator
    - A couple of examples of things I've worked on
    - Showcase how my vision for the white papers evolves from this
    - Be honest about time spent for meetings
    - Use it as an occasion to ask board members to reach out to me and discuss their work
    - Trying to achieve a lot more through the process of the white papers (re. reproducibility and openness)

#### Where do you need help from me?

- Board meeting presentation
- OLS ASG projects

## 2021-11-30

- Check-in ritual
    - Yesterday meeting with others was great!
    - VH reached out and let me enter. It was really nice hanging out with her :)
    - AB onboarded in the office and showed different places.
    - KW hung out before catching bus.

### Project-specific reflection

- Chatting with BM, KW, MS helped understand some of the processes and roles within the project
- Connected with JR, JT, AL who explained the project technical aspects
- Reflecting on the 'how' and 'why' rather than approaching white paper from operational view.
- Be flexible now, make concrete in the near future.
- Don't ONLY present ideas as own, but as what have emerged from conversations with community members.

### Notes from 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

- AB in proofreading TPS newsletter
- GA in proofreading AUTSpaces newsletter
- VA in making edits in 1:1 on GitHub forking model, commit etc. and create a PR (voice only huddle)
- GA and MS in brainstroming the contextualising research worksheet
- I hope I am being generally helpful!

#### Who helped you this week?

- RP in helping in getting HUT23 access (despite being sick)
- HS in following up with data visualisation project
- JG in coordinating with Advent of Code and helping me add to different org spaces
- JR in introducing to some folks he thought I should talk to. helped set up meeting with JT.
- HM in having 1:1 about the project planning. Gave feedback in stakeholder mapping.
- AB in helping with reimbursement through the Certify platform.
- KW in reaching out to DSG session. Offered to help with the session facilitation.

#### What did you achieve?

- Have started to see the role taking shape. It feels very powerful to understand what I can do in the project.
- Connecting different dots through discussions with different people.

#### What did you struggle with?

- SMART goals is still not online due to lots of other meetings.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- SciVision coworking, helping them document some of their work and how to use their research output
- Meet with SH and other leads who I have not met yet
- Contact the core group of CTP E&S to set a kick off meeting in January

#### Where do you need help?

- Some feedback on prioritising what I can do vs what should be prioritised.

#### Any other topics

- Find it uncomfortable to use work time on thesis - maybe think about finding some alignment?
    - Aligned with TPS, Turing Way and Community Manager


## 2021-11-23

#### Who helped you this week?
- Thanks to JL for support with white paper writing.

#### What did you achieve?
- Reached out to AC about Environmental AI (suggested by AB) and Scivision (RAMs, AM)
    - Training
- Spoke with KC about facilitating PDRA training on deep learning (proposed by Harriet)
    - Chatted with MN regarding PDRAs
- Prepared a plan for the kick-off meeting for the white papers
- Worked with JL to identify the milestones needed to publish it

#### What did you struggle with?
- Asking for help or taking up the offer for help
- Exploring roles and what is in the scope of the position
- identifying people to connect with for the project

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Meeting with BM
- Next week: DSG training
- To help AB with E&S CTP event in February
- To help HM with ASG event in March
- Meeting RP in person

#### Where do you need help? What does help look like to you?
- Share anecdotes from the CM experience
