
* [TEMPLATE](#TEMPLATE)
* [21 June 2022](#date-21-June-2022)
* [28 June 2022](#date-28-June-2022)
* [5 July 2022](#date-5-July-2022)
* [12 July 2022](#date-12-July-2022)
* [19 July 2022[(#date-19-July-2022)

## Date: 19 July 2022

**Check-in ritual**

### Project specific Reflection

I feel like I've been making pretty progress with stuff - I have meetings planned with most consortia now and quite a few people said are coming to Thursday's ECR session. However, our report to the funder has been rejected, which is disappointing.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

- REG training translation into R

#### Who did you help this week?

I'm helping out with organising the Connections workshop.

#### Who helped you this week?

- JD has agreed to be a paelist at the Connections workshop üéâ
- MS is helping get access to TTW YouTube channel to share AIM RSF recordings - thanks for that üòä

#### What did you achieve?

- Finished the GitHub slides
- Arranged meetings with most AIM project managers
- Started advertising the ECR session and good a pretty good response
- Made a start on collating CM training resources

#### What did you struggle with?

- Personal stuff is affecting my concentration.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Deliver the ECR session on Thursday and make a survey/poll/HackMD question about wheat they want to learn and what they'd like the sessions to be
- Have all the meetings with the consortia people
- Contribute to the report revisions
- Work on my contributions to the Connections workshop
- Figure out a realistic way to get the REG training translated

#### Where do you need help?

- Any feedback on the GitHub slides would be welcome

#### Any other topics


## Date: 12 July 2022

**Check-in ritual**
- I'm very happy we got more people to show up for the ECR session on Wednesday and I'm hoping we can make a useR group happen üè¥‚Äç‚ò†Ô∏è‚ú®
- EB is back üíû

### Project specific Reflection

- Things have been going pretty well! I'm making some progress on arranging meetings with researchers and I'm also getting somewhere with the GitHub slides.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

- I've been working a bit slower than I'd like - part heat, part politics, part meetings - so I think I won't come to the office/HDR-UK event on Wednesday.

#### Who did you help this week?

- I think SB is quite happy she doesn't have to do the GitHub training :)

#### Who helped you this week?

- EK wrote up reflections on the RSF for the Q2 report to take it of my and SB's plate which was amazing üíó
- SB has written a really useful guide to installing homebrew on Macs with Apple chips
- DC has been great with sending out emails to ECRs for the talks

#### What did you achieve?

- Arranged a couple of meetings with consortia PIs/ECRs :tada:
- Submitted the OLS application
- Made progress with the GitHub workshop
- Started compiling resources from the Community Managers on training they have provided in the past
- Chaired the ECR lunchtime session
- Finished reading a bunch of policies on Cezanne

#### What did you struggle with?

- My concentration isn't great right now

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finish the GitHub presentation
* Meet up with researchers
* Arrange more meetings with researchers ü§û
* Connections workshop prep
* Community Managers training

#### Where do you need help?

- I think I'm okay? I might send the GitHub presentation over once I have something in each slide!

#### Any other topics

- I'm pretty nervous about meeting up with one of the PIs today üôà

 * EK - R course for data science - well done for getting touch with REG team to develop this new course. 
 * EK to talk to Malvika about putting training videos on Turing way channel.

## Date: 5 July 2022

**Check-in ritual**

Had a lovely chat with JD about (broadly) language ‚ú®

### Project specific Reflection
Last week got pretty busy; I was able to do a few things, but not everything I wanted. I kind of forgot I took Friday off üòÖ

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- The OLS application
 - EK - great job drafting this. 

#### Who did you help this week?

I helped out MM a bit with GitHub collaboration workflows

#### Who helped you this week?
- MM with introductions to AIM members
- SB with flyers for the ECR lunch session

#### What did you achieve?
- I figured out a level to pitch the GitHub workshop at/what content to cover :tada:
- I had some really nice/productive meetings.
- I submitted my probation document.
- I finished all the Bob's Business courses.
- I was introduced (via email) to some of the project managers/COIs of the consortia and I tried to plan meetings with them.
- I worked a little on advertising the next couple of ECR lunchtime sessions.
  - EK - all great - well done.

#### What did you struggle with?
- I've started reaching out to project managers/PIs in the AIM consortia, but I'm not necessarily hearing back from them. 
  - EK - try to find some work arounds to meet those postdocs/research assistants as they can be the most useful contacts for you. 
- I still struggle with managing my time/to-do list.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Finish the first draft of the GitHub workshop (from last week)
- Submit the OLS application (due on the 7th)
- Follow up on various training things (Turing data science training, CM training resources)
- Do some reading on things I can contribute to (TTW, Carpentries lesson on managing computatational projects)
- Try to consolidate some of what I've learned

#### Where do you need help?

I think I'm okay? I'm still struggling with some things (obviously) but I think I have some ideas on how to approach the issues.

#### Any other topics

- None this week!

## Date: 28 June 2022

**Check-in ritual**
I'm just really excited to be thinking about more specific things (training, events) for the AIM RSF community ‚ú®

### Project specific Reflection

* I've been working on brainstorming workshops we can offer for ECRs easily.
* I started writing abstracts for those workshops.
* I've been working on drafting the OLS-6 application.
* I still had to submit documents for background checks etc.
* I'm continuing to meet up with people (AL, GA, CF) and finding out areas of overlap in our projects.
* I finally got access to Bob's business videos! So I'm going through the courses on there.
* I went throught the Turing Way "Ways of working" document.
* I worked on my probation documents.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* It'd be nice to talk about the "Ways of working" a bit, just to clarify some of the expectations.
  * EK - processes that you do in your team. These can be kept within private repos but need to be shared with those working in your team or wider if necessary. 
    * An example would be an issue template for use when planning events and an accompanying document to set out the process clearly.  
* Any feedback on my probation document?
  * EK - Objectives 1 to 4 look good - make the bullet points points specific task to achieve the objective. Probably take out objective 5.

#### Who did you help this week?

* I made a plot of the consortia wishes for support that DC used in the interim for the funder.
  * EK - great job :star:

#### Who helped you this week?

* The community managers groups gave me some ‚ú®excellent:sparkles: tips about approaching the mapping of training needs of ECRs.
* SB has been a rockstar (as usual) with answering GitHub questions.

#### What did you achieve?

* I've been doing some planning/writing about potential workshops and activities to support community building in my first few months (workshop brainstorming/abstract writing/OLS application/probation document).
* I'm still working on various "first days" employment things (background checks, training on policies).
* I met up with a few people working on very relevant projects!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Figuring out what's useful enough to put on GitHub.
* Finding time to clean up notes enought that they're shareable üòÖ

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finish the OLS application.
* Finish a first draft of the GitHub presentation.
  * EK - what is the purpose of the training? write some learning outcomes. Blooms taxonomy. 
* Finish the policy training videos/courses.
* Write two more abstracts for ECR workshops.
  * EK - Please do try to collate the skills of the Comm management team in an issue as that would be helpful for all of us - what course could each of us teach easily? and have materials for already?
* Meet more people!

#### Where do you need help?

* I'll probably ask for some feedback on the OLS application once I've finished the first draft if that's okay!
* EK - please do send my way if helpful. 

#### Any other topics

- I need to do some work this week on Carpentries things (testing out the new infrastructure for lessons, going through and closing open issues).
  * EK - I think we need to find out where we can store our training materials for easy access - github, carpentries style, turing moodle?

## Date: 21 June 2022

**Check-in ritual**
- It was lovely to have intro coffees with VH, ZE, SG, and AR
- The "Sex, gender, binaries, and categories" talk on Friday was really cool üòª

### Project specific Reflection
- I've made some progress with reading documentation for the AIM RSF.
- I've been working on synthesising the things I've been reading.
- I've scheduled or had meetings with most CMs and I'm trying to meet the most relevant Turing RSF people too.
- Getting better at doing things on GitHub üòä
- Some things need to be changed/redone in terms of organising events.
- I've been feeling a little overwhelmed - I'm making progress with understanding how things work but new things keep popping up!
  - EK - these are all great things and keep going with all of this introductory meetings and readings. It is going to feel a lot at the moment but will get better. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
- I haven't been able to get into contributing to the Turing Way yet - it'd be nice to get some tips on getting involved?
  - EK - Don't worry too much about doing anything specific at the moment - just try to come along to the turing way co-working on mondays and collaboration cafes if possible. The CM team often just go there to co-work on any work they are doing to get some company and chat to each other. This will probably then surface something you might want to get involved with.   
- Any tips on managing stress/feelings of being overwhelmed would be very welcome üòä

#### Who did you help this week?
- Contributed to the Consulation on UNESCO Best Practices for Open Research
- Helped to take notes at the drug coding meeting

#### Who helped you this week?
- VH was great when I was at the office on Wednesday ‚ú®
- SB has been amazing with AIM RSF things

#### What did you achieve?
- I've made some progress with reading documentation for the AIM RSF.
- I've been working on synthesising the things I've been reading.
- I've scheduled or had meetings with most CMs and I'm trying to meet the most relevant Turing RSF people too.
- Getting better at doing things on GitHub üòä

#### What did you struggle with?

- I've been feeling a little overwhelmed - I'm making progress with understanding how things work but new things keep popping up!
  - EK - this will hopefully get better once you understand better what your role is and what the tasks are that you need to do. You are still earning a lot so it is normal to feel this way at this point. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- SB and I are applying for OLS 6 - I need to work on the application
- Continue meeting up with RSF & other Turing people
- Dig into the AIM RSF GitHub repos and see if there's anywhere I can contribute
- Review and add content to the RSF website SB has been working on (+ form for them to register for events)
- Go through the Turing Way ways of working - EK - I can do this with you if needed. 

#### Where do you need help?
- I'm feeling fairly overwhelmed (and a bit intimidated) - any tips for handling that would be super welcome üôè

#### Any other topics
- Malvika mentioned the Communications people will get in touch with me? They haven't yet, should I do that?
- I have 1-to-1 meetings with EG as well - should I be focusing my reflections with EG and you on different topics?


## TEMPLATE

Date: YYYY-MM-DD

**Check-in ritual**
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

### Project specific Reflection

*Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.*
(Since last week, review the progress you‚Äôve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention? Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.)

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

*You can move points from your reflections to the following sections as needed.*

#### Who did you help this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who you helped this week and how.

#### Who helped you this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

- This space is yours to add to as needed.
- Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?

*CC BY 4.0 License, reused from the [Whitaker Lab Project Management Repository](https://github.com/WhitakerLab/Onboarding/blob/lab-meetings/Setting-up-your-weekly-meetings.md)*
